She's a very engaged Miss Ghana
What would I tell you if it was him?
Is that Miss Lin who was run away?
You don't know yet
Miss Lin? Miss Lin?
He was the sweetheart of the regent back then
The regent
It is possible to stagger when you are busy fighting on the battlefield
Now the regent's cultivation is rich in the palace and there is no more king
I definitely won't be filming him again
What should I do about Miss Jiang?
Hey
The King of Chariots is just a whim
I don't want it anymore, you can't tell.
Shangguan Heng's sweetheart
I don't know anything
That's why he was so nervous just now
Is it because of what happened to Miss Lin?
But he just promised me not to pay twice
Are you all lying to me?
Hometown is not easy to say
How did you get dizzy so easily?
Just cut a woman
What's the problem? Sit down.